He knows very well that if he comes here
with me it would be
absurd, so if I
were him I wouldn't go up either, I
mean if I were him and I was
defending something that I myself don't
believe in,
he's defending something that
he himself doesn't believe in, no, I know that I'm going to go
up to a place
where I have nothing to gain because I'm not
going to earn money that I do on Telecinco
and on top of that I'm going to be made to look ridiculous because I know
that they're going to give me arguments that I won't be
able to debate, do you
understand, if I were him I wouldn't go to make a fool of myself either,
I go to Telecinco, I kiss their asses, I say
things and defend things that I myself don't
feel,
but I suck up to them so they keep calling me